Section II Reading Comprehension

Part B

Directions:

The following paragraphs are given in a wrong order. For questions 41-45, you are required to reorganize these paragraphs into a coherent text by choosing from the list A-H and filling them into the numbered boxes. Paragraphs C, H, and A have been correctly placed. Mark your answers on the ANSWER SHEET. (10 points)

A. Peters likes to photograph butterflies in a landscape, celebrating the beauty of their surroundings as well as the insects themselves. His pictures of a Glanville fritillary rising from the sea-pinks beside the chalk cliffs of Compton Bay on the Isle of Wight are particularly glorious. These take-off shots are even more challenging because they require a wide-angle lens, which means he must be less than 2 cm from the butterfly. It's incredibly difficult to get that close to a skittish sun-warmed insect. Unlike some photographers, who "cheat" by keeping insects in a fridge to slow them down, Peters refuses to tamper with wild butterflies.

B. Peters' signature shot is a butterfly "take-off", showing the multiple wing-beats of one butterfly in one frame as it lifts off from a flower. How does he capture it? Technology helps. A typical digital SLR camera shoots 20 frames a second. He uses a high-speed OM System which shoots 120 frames a second.

C. Britain has relatively few butterfly species compared with mainland Europe and 80% are in decline, mostly because intensive chemical farming has reduced many species to tiny fragments of habitat and small nature reserves. Global heating is benefiting some species but others are too isolated to find suitable new habitat, and gardening habits - paving over gardens and using pesticides - aren't helping either. Butterflies may not pollinate as many plants as wild bees and hoverflies, but because British butterflies are the best-studied group of insects in the world, they are an extremely useful indicator of the wider declines in flying insects.

D. Five years ago, at summer's end, Andrew Fusek Peters was diagnosed with bowel cancer. "I was waiting for surgery, feeling really ill, sitting in my garden. It was amazing weather and there were painted lady butterflies everywhere," he says. "They were a symbol of fragile life, of hope and defiance, and something appealed to my soul."

E. That makes it sound easy, and artificial, but Peters insists it is still a massive challenge. He typically takes between 10,000 and 20,000 shots to get one butterfly take-off sequence in focus. At such high shutter speeds, the depth of field is tiny, and as butterflies do not fly in a straight line they swiftly flutter out of focus. As well as thousands of attempts, it takes patience and fieldcraft to anticipate a butterfly's likely flight-line - and catch it - in focus.

F. So what's the appeal of a long, sweaty day in pursuit of an elusive, fast-moving wild animal? "It just feels bloody brilliant," says Peters. "If I've had a full day of good encounters with butterflies, met interesting butterfly people and I've got some good shots, that becomes a vault in my spiritual bank. It's a happy feeling."

G. A children's author and poet who had become a keen amateur photographer, Peters watched the butterflies and idly wondered if he could capture them in flight. It swiftly became an obsession as he recovered from a successful operation to remove the cancer. In recent summers, he has travelled the length and breadth of Britain to photograph all 58 native species of butterfly. Now the fruits of those summers have been published in a beautiful new book.

H. A butterfly takes off so quickly it is still impossible to react quickly enough to capture that take-off, but if he half-presses the shutter, the camera saves the 70 previous frames before the moment he actually takes the picture. "It's time travel, so I don't miss the moment of take-off," he says. After he's captured the butterfly taking off, he layers 10 to 15 frames together in Photoshop.

41. -> 42. -> C -> 43. -> H -> 44. -> A -> 45.

Part C

Directions:

Read the following text carefully and then translate the underlined segments into Chinese. Write your answers on the ANSWER SHEET. (10 points)

Innovation and research have relied on public participation in science for centuries. It was a musician who discovered the planet Uranus in the 18th century by making his own telescope with mirrors composed of copper and tin. (46) Recent decades have seen science move into a convention where engagement in the subject can only be done through institutions, such as a university. Citizen science provides an opportunity for greater public engagement and the democratisation of science.

In the information era, large data sets, small teams and financial restrictions have slowed scientific process. (47) But by utilising the natural curiosity of the general public it is possible to overcome many of these challenges by engaging non-scientists directly in the research process. Anyone can be a citizen scientist, regardless of age, nationality or academic experience. You don't even need any formal training, just an inquisitive mind and the enthusiasm to join one of the thousands of citizen science projects to generate new knowledge and the means to understand a genuine scientific outcome.

(48) Scientists have employed a variety of ways to engage the general public in their research, such as making data analysis into an online game or sample collection into a smartphone application. They've implored citizens to help with bug counting and categorising cancer cells, and even identifying distant galaxies.

This form of accessible science means that great minds are able to join the race to create and develop projects with the potential to change the world. A citizen science-based approach can extend the field of vision and include different ideas and different brains to problem-solve and create, making innovation faster and more effective.

The rise of citizen science has grown alongside the rise of do-it-yourself biology laboratories around the world. (49) These groups of people are part of a rapidly expanding biotechnological social movement of citizen scientists and professional scientists seeking to take discovery out of institutions and put it into the hands of anyone with the enthusiasm.

There are around 40 official do-it-yourself biology centres across the globe in locations including Paris, London, Sydney, and Tel Aviv. (50) They pool resources, collaborate, think outside the box, and find solutions and ways around obstacles to explore science for the sake of science without the traditional boundaries of working inside a formal setting. So is it time to take the Petri dish out of the laboratory and into the garage?

Section III Writing

Part A

51. Directions:

Read the following email from your classmate Paul and write him a reply. Write your answer in about 100 words on the ANSWER SHEET.

Do not use your own name in your email; use "Li Ming" instead. (10 points)

Dear Li Ming,

I was really excited to hear that you'd invite some young craftsmen to demonstrate their innovative craft-making on campus. May I know more about what they'll show? Also, I'd like to help with your preparation work. Please let me know what I can do.

Yours,
Paul

Part B

52. Directions:

Write an essay of 160-200 words based on the following table. In your essay, you should

1) describe the table briefly,
2) explain its intended meaning, and
3) give your comments.

You should write neatly on the ANSWER SHEET. (20 points)

年份 空调（台） 洗衣机（台） 电冰箱（台）
2014 75.2 83.7 85.5
2017 96.1 91.7 95.3
2020 117.7 96.7 101.8
2023 145.9 98.2 103.4

近年来全国居民平均每百户年末主要耐用消费品拥有量
